update IGNORE_EXISTED_INDEX (#1020)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/3.ngql-guide/12.vertex-statements/1.insert-vertex.md

  [prop_value [, prop_value] ...]
```

<!---

// Ignore existing indexes to insert vertex.
```ngql
INSERT VERTEX [IF NOT EXISTS] [IGNORE_EXISTED_INDEX] [tag_props, [tag_props] ...]
VALUES VID: ([prop_value_list])
tag_props:
  tag_name ([prop_name_list])
prop_name_list:
   [prop_name [, prop_name] ...]
prop_value_list:
   [prop_value [, prop_value] ...]   
```

> - `IGNORE_EXISTED_INDEX`：Indexes will not be updated after insert vertex. We recommend that using `IGNORE_EXISTED_INDEX` on the first import, which can greatly improve performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `IGNORE_EXISTED_INDEX`：Indexes will not be updated after a vertex is inserted. We recommend using `IGNORE_EXISTED_INDEX` on the first import, which can greatly improve performance.
```

  !!! danger

>         Existing indexes will not be deleted when using the `IGNORE_EXISTED_INDEX`, so incorrect data may be read during lookups. You need to rebuild the index, for more information, see [REBUILD INDEX](../3/../14.native-index-statements/4.rebuild-native-index.md。

Reviewer: why do we need to rebuild the existing index?

Author: Lookup error data may occur if indexes are not rebuilt

Reviewer 2: > 

by design

>         Existing indexes will not be deleted when using the `IGNORE_EXISTED_INDEX`, so incorrect data may be read during lookups. You need to rebuild the index, for more information, see [REBUILD INDEX](../3/../14.native-index-statements/4.rebuild-native-index.md。

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Existing indexes will not be deleted when using the `IGNORE_EXISTED_INDEX`, so incorrect data may be read during lookups. You need to rebuild the index. For more information, see [REBUILD INDEX](../3/../14.native-index-statements/4.rebuild-native-index.md。
```

nebula> INSERT VERTEX t1() VALUES "10":(); 
```

<!---
 ```ngql
 # Insert vertices which VID is "100" and "200", id is "1".
 nebula> INSERT VERTEX person(id) VALUES "100":(1), "200":(1);
 # Lookup vertices which id is "1", both 100 and 200 will satisfy.
 nebula> LOOKUP ON person WHERE person.id == 1 YIELD id(vertex) as id;
 +-------------+
 | id          |
 +-------------+
 | "100"       |
 | "200"       |
 +-------------+

>  # Insert vertices with `IGNORE_EXISTED_INDEX` which VID "200", id is "2".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 # Insert a vertex with `IGNORE_EXISTED_INDEX`. The VID of the vertex is "200" and the value of the property id is with "2".
```

 nebula> INSERT VERTEX IGNORE_EXISTED_INDEX person(id) VALUES "200":(2);

>  # Lookup vertices which id is "1", both 100 and 200 will satisfy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 # Query vertices, the value of the property id is "1", both 100 and 200 will be returned.
```

 nebula> LOOKUP ON person WHERE person.id == 1 YIELD id(vertex) as id;
 +-------------+
 | id          |
 +-------------+
 | "100"       |
 | "200"       |
 +-------------+

>  # Lookup vertices which id is "2", only 200 will satisfy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 # Query vertices, the value of the property id is "2", only 200 will be returned.
```
